---
title: Selling Partner APIs for Fulfillment Outbound
description: "The Selling Partner API for Fulfillment Outbound lets you create applications that help a seller fulfill Multi-Channel Fulfillment orders using their inventory in Amazon's fulfillment network. You can get information on both potential and existing fulfillment orders."
---

# API List
- [getFulfillmentPreview](operations/getFulfillmentPreview.json) (POST /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/fulfillmentOrders/preview)：Returns a list of fulfillment order previews based on shipping criteria that you specify.
- [deliveryOffers](operations/deliveryOffers.json) (POST /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/deliveryOffers)：Returns delivery options that include an estimated delivery date and offer expiration, based on criteria that you specify.
- [listAllFulfillmentOrders](operations/listAllFulfillmentOrders.json) (GET /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/fulfillmentOrders)：Returns a list of fulfillment orders fulfilled after (or at) a specified date-time, or indicated by the `nextToken` parameter.
- [createFulfillmentOrder](operations/createFulfillmentOrder.json) (POST /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/fulfillmentOrders)：Requests that Amazon ship items from the seller's inventory in Amazon's fulfillment network to a destination address.
- [getPackageTrackingDetails](operations/getPackageTrackingDetails.json) (GET /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/tracking)：Returns delivery tracking information for a package in an outbound shipment for a Multi-Channel Fulfillment order.
- [listReturnReasonCodes](operations/listReturnReasonCodes.json) (GET /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/returnReasonCodes)：Returns a list of return reason codes for a seller SKU in a given marketplace. The parameters for this operation may contain special characters that require URL encoding. To avoid errors with SKUs when encoding URLs, refer to [URL Encoding](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/url-encoding).
- [createFulfillmentReturn](operations/createFulfillmentReturn.json) (PUT /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/fulfillmentOrders/{sellerFulfillmentOrderId}/return)：Creates a fulfillment return.
- [getFulfillmentOrder](operations/getFulfillmentOrder.json) (GET /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/fulfillmentOrders/{sellerFulfillmentOrderId})：Returns the fulfillment order indicated by the specified order identifier.
- [updateFulfillmentOrder](operations/updateFulfillmentOrder.json) (PUT /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/fulfillmentOrders/{sellerFulfillmentOrderId})：Updates and/or requests shipment for a fulfillment order with an order hold on it.
- [cancelFulfillmentOrder](operations/cancelFulfillmentOrder.json) (PUT /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/fulfillmentOrders/{sellerFulfillmentOrderId}/cancel)：Requests that Amazon stop attempting to fulfill the fulfillment order indicated by the specified order identifier.
- [submitFulfillmentOrderStatusUpdate](operations/submitFulfillmentOrderStatusUpdate.json) (PUT /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/fulfillmentOrders/{sellerFulfillmentOrderId}/status)：Requests that Amazon update the status of an order in the sandbox testing environment. This is a sandbox-only operation and must be directed to a sandbox endpoint. Refer to [Fulfillment Outbound Dynamic Sandbox Guide](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/fulfillment-outbound-dynamic-sandbox-guide) and [Selling Partner API sandbox](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/the-selling-partner-api-sandbox) for more information.
- [getFeatures](operations/getFeatures.json) (GET /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/features)：Returns a list of features available for Multi-Channel Fulfillment orders in the marketplace you specify, and whether the seller for which you made the call is enrolled for each feature.
- [getFeatureInventory](operations/getFeatureInventory.json) (GET /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/features/inventory/{featureName})：Returns a list of inventory items that are eligible for the fulfillment feature you specify.
- [getFeatureSKU](operations/getFeatureSKU.json) (GET /fba/outbound/2020-07-01/features/inventory/{featureName}/{sellerSku})：Returns the number of items with the `sellerSku` you specify that can have orders fulfilled using the specified feature. Note that if the `sellerSku` isn't eligible, the response will contain an empty `skuInfo` object. The parameters for this operation may contain special characters that require URL encoding. To avoid errors with SKUs when encoding URLs, refer to [URL Encoding](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/url-encoding).
