---
title: Selling Partner API for Notifications
description: "The Selling Partner API for Notifications lets you subscribe to notifications that are relevant to a selling partner's business. Using this API you can create a destination to receive notifications, subscribe to notifications, delete notification subscriptions, and more. For more information, refer to the [Notifications Use Case Guide](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/notifications-api-v1-use-case-guide)."
---

# API List
- [getSubscription](operations/getSubscription.json) (GET /notifications/v1/subscriptions/{notificationType})：Returns information about subscription of the specified notification type and payload version. `payloadVersion` is an optional parameter. When you do not provide `payloadVersion`, the operation returns the latest payload version subscription's information. You can use this API to get subscription information when you do not have a subscription identifier.
- [createSubscription](operations/createSubscription.json) (POST /notifications/v1/subscriptions/{notificationType})：Creates a subscription for the specified notification type to be delivered to the specified destination. Before you can subscribe, you must first create the destination by calling the `createDestination` operation. If the notification type that you specify supports multiple payload versions, you can use this operation to subscribe to a different payload version if you already have an existing subscription for a different payload version.
- [getSubscriptionById](operations/getSubscriptionById.json) (GET /notifications/v1/subscriptions/{notificationType}/{subscriptionId})：Returns information about a subscription for the specified notification type. The `getSubscriptionById` operation is grantless. For more information, refer to [Grantless Operations](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/grantless-operations) in the Selling Partner API Developer Guide.
- [deleteSubscriptionById](operations/deleteSubscriptionById.json) (DELETE /notifications/v1/subscriptions/{notificationType}/{subscriptionId})：Deletes the subscription indicated by the subscription identifier and notification type that you specify. The subscription identifier can be for any subscription associated with your application. After you successfully call this operation, notifications will stop being sent for the associated subscription. The `deleteSubscriptionById` operation is grantless. For more information, refer to [Grantless Operations](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/grantless-operations) in the Selling Partner API Developer Guide.
- [sendTestNotification](operations/sendTestNotification.json) (POST /notifications/v1/subscriptions/{notificationType}/testNotification)：Sends a mock notification of the specified type to your SQS. The `sendTestNotification` API is grantless. For more information, see "Grantless operations" in the Selling Partner API Developer Guide.
- [getDestinations](operations/getDestinations.json) (GET /notifications/v1/destinations)：Returns information about all destinations. The `getDestinations` operation is grantless. For more information, refer to [Grantless Operations](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/grantless-operations) in the Selling Partner API Developer Guide.
- [createDestination](operations/createDestination.json) (POST /notifications/v1/destinations)：Creates a destination resource to receive notifications. The `createDestination` operation is grantless. For more information, refer to [Grantless Operations](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/grantless-operations) in the Selling Partner API Developer Guide.
- [getDestination](operations/getDestination.json) (GET /notifications/v1/destinations/{destinationId})：Returns information about the destination that you specify. The `getDestination` operation is grantless. For more information, refer to [Grantless Operations](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/grantless-operations) in the Selling Partner API Developer Guide.
- [deleteDestination](operations/deleteDestination.json) (DELETE /notifications/v1/destinations/{destinationId})：Deletes the destination that you specify. The `deleteDestination` operation is grantless. For more information, refer to [Grantless Operations](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/grantless-operations) in the Selling Partner API Developer Guide.
