---
title: The Selling Partner API for Amazon Warehousing and Distribution
description: "The Selling Partner API for Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD) provides programmatic access to information about AWD shipments and inventory."
---

# API List
- [createInbound](operations/createInbound.json) (POST /awd/2024-05-09/inboundOrders)：Creates a draft AWD inbound order with a list of packages for inbound shipment. The operation creates one shipment per order.
- [getInbound](operations/getInbound.json) (GET /awd/2024-05-09/inboundOrders/{orderId})：Retrieves an AWD inbound order.
- [updateInbound](operations/updateInbound.json) (PUT /awd/2024-05-09/inboundOrders/{orderId})：Updates an AWD inbound order that is in `DRAFT` status and not yet confirmed. Use this operation to update the `packagesToInbound`, `originAddress` and `preferences` attributes.
- [cancelInbound](operations/cancelInbound.json) (POST /awd/2024-05-09/inboundOrders/{orderId}/cancellation)：Cancels an AWD Inbound order and its associated shipment.
- [confirmInbound](operations/confirmInbound.json) (POST /awd/2024-05-09/inboundOrders/{orderId}/confirmation)：Confirms an AWD inbound order in `DRAFT` status.
- [getInboundShipment](operations/getInboundShipment.json) (GET /awd/2024-05-09/inboundShipments/{shipmentId})：Retrieves an AWD inbound shipment.
- [getInboundShipmentLabels](operations/getInboundShipmentLabels.json) (GET /awd/2024-05-09/inboundShipments/{shipmentId}/labels)：Retrieves the box labels for a shipment ID that you specify. This is an asynchronous operation. If the label status is `GENERATED`, then the label URL is available.
- [getLabelPageTypes](operations/getLabelPageTypes.json) (GET /awd/2024-05-09/inboundShipments/{shipmentId}/labelPageTypes)：Retrieves the available label page types for a shipment ID that you specify. This is an asynchronous operation. If the label status is `GENERATED`, then the pageTypes are available.
- [updateInboundShipmentTransportDetails](operations/updateInboundShipmentTransportDetails.json) (PUT /awd/2024-05-09/inboundShipments/{shipmentId}/transport)：Updates transport details for an AWD shipment.
- [checkInboundEligibility](operations/checkInboundEligibility.json) (POST /awd/2024-05-09/inboundEligibility)：Determines if the packages you specify are eligible for an AWD inbound order and contains error details for ineligible packages.
- [listInboundShipments](operations/listInboundShipments.json) (GET /awd/2024-05-09/inboundShipments)：Retrieves a summary of all the inbound AWD shipments associated with a merchant, with the ability to apply optional filters.
- [listInventory](operations/listInventory.json) (GET /awd/2024-05-09/inventory)：Lists AWD inventory associated with a merchant with the ability to apply optional filters.
- [listOutbounds](operations/listOutbounds.json) (GET /awd/2024-05-09/outboundOrders)：Retrieves all outbound AWD orders (with optional filters) that pertain to a merchant. By default, orders are sorted by the `updatedAt` attribute in descending order.
- [createOutbound](operations/createOutbound.json) (POST /awd/2024-05-09/outboundOrders)：Creates a draft AWD outbound order with the specified products. The API returns the order ID for the newly created order and starts an async validation check on the outbound products. After the validation check, the order status transitions from `VALIDATING` to `ELIGIBLE/INELIGIBLE`.
- [getOutbound](operations/getOutbound.json) (GET /awd/2024-05-09/outboundOrders/{orderId})：Retrieves an AWD outbound order with a set of shipments that contain items that are outbound into a destination channel. If the order is not eligible, the validation errors field is included in the order response. The API returns the order ID for the newly created order and starts an async validation check on the outbound products. After the validation check, the order status transitions from `VALIDATING` to `ELIGIBLE/INELIGIBLE`.
- [updateOutbound](operations/updateOutbound.json) (PUT /awd/2024-05-09/outboundOrders/{orderId})：Updates an AWD outbound order that is in `DRAFT`, `ELIGIBLE`, or `INELIGIBLE` status. This API allows updates on `productsToOutbound` and `orderPreferences` attributes only. Any updates will restart the outbound order validation.
- [confirmOutbound](operations/confirmOutbound.json) (POST /awd/2024-05-09/outboundOrders/{orderId}/confirmation)：Confirms an AWD outbound order for a set of shipments that contain items that must be outbound to a destination node. You can confirm the order only if it's in an`ELIGIBLE` state.
- [listReplenishmentOrders](operations/listReplenishmentOrders.json) (GET /awd/2024-05-09/replenishmentOrders)：Retrieves all the AWD replenishment orders pertaining to a merchant with optional filters. API by default will sort orders by updatedAt attribute in descending order.
- [createReplenishmentOrder](operations/createReplenishmentOrder.json) (POST /awd/2024-05-09/replenishmentOrders)：Creates an AWD replenishment order with given products to replenish. The API will return the order ID of the newly created order and also start an async validation check on the products to e. The order status will transition to ELIGIBLE/INELIGIBLE status from VALIDATING post validation check
- [getReplenishmentOrder](operations/getReplenishmentOrder.json) (GET /awd/2024-05-09/replenishmentOrders/{orderId})：Retrieves an AWD Replenishment order with a set of shipments containing items that is/was planned to be replenished into an FBA node.
- [confirmReplenishmentOrder](operations/confirmReplenishmentOrder.json) (POST /awd/2024-05-09/replenishmentOrders/{orderId}/confirmation)：Confirms an AWD replenishment order in ELIGIBLE state with a set of shipments containing items that are needed to be replenished to an FBA node. Order can only be confirmed in ELIGIBLE state.
